Changes in Nvidia kernels for more stable work and better utilization of the GPU
Implemented ProgPOW BCI mining for Nvidia cards too. Under Windows you must download and unpack the file PhoenixMiner_NVRTC_Windows.zip in the same folder as PhoenixMiner.exe in order to mine BCI with Nvidia cards.
Added support for all new AMD Windows drivers up to the latest 19.7.2
Added support for all new AMD Linux drivers up to the latest 19.30-838629
Added hardware control and monitoring (clocks, voltages, fans, etc.) for Nvidia cards under Windows. Note that you should specify the clocks for Nvidia cards relative to the defaults (e.g. -mclock +400 instead of -mclock 4400)
Added hardware control and monitoring (clocks, voltages, fans, etc.) for Radeon VII cards (Windows only)
Added advanced hardware monitoring (specify -hstats 2 to activate it). It will show you the GPU core and memory clocks, voltages, and P-states (if supported)
Added GPU power consumption if the driver reports it. You can also specify the idle power (-pidle), PSU/GPU efficiency (-ppf) and electricity cost (-prate) and have the miner calculate the daily electricity costs for you. If you are using third-party mining software which doesn't expect the power consumption figures in the miner's log, you can disable it by specifying -hstats 0
Added new parameter -mt to set the memory timings on AMD cards. -mt 0 is the default, which uses the VBIOS memory timings. -mt 1, and -mt 2 use predefined memory timings that are independent from the VBIOS timings. This option is useful for mining with RX580/570/560/480/470/460 cards without modding the VBIOS. This works only on Windows and with relatively recent drivers (from the last 6-8 months)
The bench mode now works for dual mining and ProgPOW. The algorithm is determined by the -coin and -dcoin parameters. E.g. -bench 10 -coin bci will bench the BCI ProgPOW, and -bench 10 -dcoin blake2s will bench the dual mining
Increased the maximum supported DAG epoch to 450. Note that AMD drivers don't allow buffers larger than 4 GB so the biggest possible DAG epoch with current AMD drivers is 378
Added the ability to read the "FriendlyName" from Windows registry and use it (if available) instead of the generic card name from the driver
Fixed the devfee pools for some of the alternative coins like PIRL and others where many pools either disappeared or are using old pre-fork versions of the clients and are mining on the wrong blockchain
Other small improvements and fixes.
